Customize toplevel dir (#11)
ginkgo-project/git-cmake-format: CMakeLists.txt

    "Semi colon separated list of directories to ignore")
set(GCF_CLANGFORMAT_MINIMAL_VERSION "0.0.0" CACHE STRING
    "The minimal required version of clang-format")
option(GCF_FORCE_OVERWRITE
       "If true, always overwrite pre-commit hook and script"
       OFF)
set(GCF_SCRIPT ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/git-cmake-format.py)

> if(NOT GCF_GIT_TOP_LEVEL_DIR)
>   message(FATAL_ERROR
>           "Need to specify the top-level directory of the git repository "
>           "into which the hooks should be installed.")
> endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(GCF_GIT_TOP_LEVEL_DIR "${CMAKE_SOURCE_FOLDER}" CACHE STRING "The default top level is the CMAKE_SOURCE_FOLDER")
if("${GCF_GIT_TOP_LEVEL_DIR}" STREQUAL "${CMAKE_SOURCE_FOLDER}")
  message(WARNING
          "git-cmake-format uses the current CMAKE_SOURCE_FOLDER, which may affect more than expectation")
endif()
```
For me, warning is enough for it?

    "Semi colon separated list of directories to ignore")
set(GCF_CLANGFORMAT_MINIMAL_VERSION "0.0.0" CACHE STRING
    "The minimal required version of clang-format")
if(NOT GCF_FORCE_OVERWRITE)
  set(GCF_FORCE_OVERWRITE OFF CACHE BOOL
      "If true, always overwrite pre-commit hook and script")

> endif()

Reviewer 2: maybe `option` is the right thing to use here?

Author: didn't know that exist :sweat_smile: thanks!

set(GCF_SCRIPT ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/git-cmake-format.py)
if(NOT GCF_GIT_TOP_LEVEL_DIR)

>   message(FATAL

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
  message(FATAL_ERROR
```

          "Need to specify the top-level directory of the git repository "
          "into which the hooks should be installed.")
endif()

find_package(ClangFormat ${GCF_CLANGFORMAT_MINIMAL_VERSION} REQUIRED)

execute_process(COMMAND ${GIT_EXECUTABLE} rev-parse --git-path hooks

>                 WORKING_DIRECTORY ${GCF_TOP_LEVEL_DIR}

Reviewer 2: why not `PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR`?

Author: Because in our workflow we use gcf through FetchContent, so that will point to the build directory of the top-most project. But we need some way to figure out that gcf was called from ginkgo and thus should only modify the hooks for ginkgo. I didn't find out how to get details on the cmake project hierarchy that you are currently in, so I just force the user to set that variable.
